- [Kevin] Java EE is an essential toolbox
for Java developers that provides a standard approach
for developing web-based systems
that require API enablement, data persistence,
messaging, and the basic application concerns.
Hi, I'm Kevin Bowersox.
I've been a full-stack Java developer for over 10 years.
I can show you how to deliver systems
with Java Enterprise Edition
that meet the demanding expectations of modern enterprises.
In this course, I'll guide you through hands-on lessons
that teach you 15 of the most relevant Java EE technologies
and the concepts behind them.
We'll go in-depth into the Java EE Web Profile
and other APIs like JMS, Bean Validation,
JSON parsing, and JSON binding.
After taking this course, you will have the skills necessary
to build or maintain the most complex Java EE systems.
So join me on my LinkedIn Learning Course
to build enterprise quality systems with Java EE.